DOCS-3906 Chaos faults audit for Kubernetes faults (node and pod) (#4273)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/chaos-faults/kubernetes/pod/disk-fill.md

        <td> Name of the container subject to disk fill. </td>
        <td> If it is not provided, the first container in the target pod will be subject to chaos. For more information, go to <a href="https://developer.harness.io/docs/chaos-engineering/chaos-faults/kubernetes/pod/container-kill/#kill-specific-container">kill specific container</a></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>    
        <td> LIB_IMAGE </td>
        <td> Image used to run the stress command. </td>

>         <td> Default: <code>litmuschaos/go-runner:latest</code>. For more information, go to <a href = "../../common-tunables-for-all-faults#image-used-by-the-helper-pod">image used by the helper pod.</a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td> Default: <code>chaosnative/chaos-go-runner:main-latest</code>. For more information, go to <a href = "../../common-tunables-for-all-faults#image-used-by-the-helper-pod">image used by the helper pod.</a></td>
```
